whoa - Ariel - Ariel the city where
David dwelt ad year-to-year
let feasts come around yet I will
distress Ariel there shall be heaviness
and sorrow and it shall be to me as
Ariel I will in camp against you all
around I will lay siege against you with
a mound and I will raise siege works
against you you shall be brought down
you shall speak out of the ground your
speech shall be low out of the dust your
voice shall be like a mediums out of the
ground and your speech shall whisper out
of the dust
moreover the multitude of your foes
shall be like fine dust and the
multitude of the terrible ones like
chaff that passes away yes it shall be
in an instant suddenly you will be
punished by the Lord of Hosts with
thunder and earthquake and great noise
with storm and tempest and the flame of
devouring fire the multitude of all the
nations who fight against Ariel even all
who fight against her and her fortress
and distress her shall be as a dream of
a night vision it shall even be as when
a hungry man dreams and look he eats but
he awakes and his soul is still empty or
as when a thirsty man dreams and look he
drinks but he awakes and indeed he is
faint and his soul still craves so the
multitude of all the nations shall be
who fight against Mount Zion pause and
wonder blind yourselves and be blind
they are drunk but not with wine they
stagger but not with intoxicating drink
for the Lord has poured out on you the
spirit of deep sleep and has closed your
eyes namely the
Fitz and he has covered your heads
namely the Sears the whole vision has
become to you like the words of a book
that is sealed which men delivered to
one who is literate saying read this
please and he says I cannot for it is
seal then the book is delivered to one
who is illiterate saying read this
please and he says I am not literate
therefore the Lord said in as much as
these people draw near with their mouths
and honor me with their lips but have
removed their hearts far from me and
their fear toward me is taught by the
commandment of men therefore behold I
will again do a marvelous work among
this people a marvelous work and a
wonder for the wisdom of their wise men
shall perish and the understanding of
their prudent men shall be hidden
woe to those who seek deep to hide their
counsel far from the Lord and their
works are in the dark
they say who sees us and who knows us
surely you have things turned around
shall the potter be esteemed as the clay
for shall the thing maid say of him who
made it he did not make me or shall the
thing formed say of him who formed it he
has no understanding is it not yet a
very little while till Lebanon shall be
turned into a fruitful field and the
fruitful field be esteemed as a forest
in that day the Deaf shall hear the
words of the book and the eyes of the
blind shall see out of obscurity and out
of darkness the humble also shall
increase their joy in the Lord and the
poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy
One of Israel for the terrible one is
brought to nothing the scornful one is
consumed and all who watch for iniquity
are cut off who make a man an offender
by a word and lay a snare for him who
reproves in the gate and turn aside the
just by empty words therefore thus says
the Lord who redeemed Abraham concerning
the house of Jacob Jacob shall not now
be ashamed nor shall his face now grow
pale but when he sees his children the
work of my animals in his midst they
will hallow my name
and hallow the Holy One of Jacob and
fear the God of Israel these also who
erred in spirit will come to
understanding
and those who complained will learn
doctrine